it was several years that I can
I started in 2006 the first field
agroforestry and then wire in
needle we have almost 18 hectares the on
the 40 which are of a comfort and story
is a moment is said like we will be able
maybe do an orchard
why not my motivation she was
also pushed by the fact that I'm in
direct sales we made poultry from
black pork we have a small shop
people come from friday afternoon
and we said we
maybe we could lend them
fruit trees that people would pick up or
for a mason will see and it's like that
that was born the idea of ​​doing it is binds
about sixty fruit trees
we put cherry pear trees
peaches do not take too much because we
we love them and we are almost 5 km
hedges on the farm since we
arrived at the wharf mists do not have
need to put them here necessarily for
this is the first to combine peaches
cherry apricot trees before having done
these rows of fruit trees I made
of open field agroforestry so
we
we're actually coming back to the same idea that
traditionally agroforestry
that is, art will bring
biodiversity ie it is
where to stay
all the auxiliaries
especially so who says hosting these
to feed it to reproduce it is the ratio
soil erosion
having a little hillside
steep as by us lines
trees that actually stop in particular
water runoff after the
fertility by the roots which each and
dies and renews itself by the leaves
who fall so I was going to say his
allies actually the dollar more interest
of the fruit these are these valuations a
a little bit more important
we're going to say since I'm going to shoot a
income from his fruits not roger too
manage agroforestry the referees
and to densify a little bit because
term it will be tadpole trees that
are two months to the jets
you are and help you are done
advise by someone to implement
these lines of fruit trees
I have worked so since
beginning with tree and landscape 32 for this
which was from setting up after to
fruit level I betrayed someone
locally who does the transplants or from where
no regrets, it depends on the
varieties and it's someone who
has been working here for a long time on
poles of ancient varieties
that's where I met like that and
so I'm going to buy her 60's and 70's
spacing plants anyway compared
other plots that manages
agroforestry
we decided to be a little bit more
tight why because it's
trees that will initially be a lot
less big since we will go
work to be able to pick
so we could afford to have
lower states and spacings
why general on the farm gd
spacing of 24 m whereas here we are
sure all in between there is only 12
So that's also leaving we'll say
that there is a density a little bit more
important
per hectare we opted to mix the
trees we did not see a row of
apricot trees a little row
like in the air on and looking to
have diversity so that in case of
disease on a tree to everyone on the
take
that's bringing diversity is
always good to put diversity
now here I am I read apricots
in the hand it's an art that then has
seven Caesars let's pretend I'm wrong
to be about four five years old so
it starts a little bit in production
it's still light but it's a miracle
in here it does not come necessarily
competition is in competition with
moments that require a lot of work
I think especially the winter size where
that quietly manage at times
where we took a little bit less
job
tell me I planted only 60 trees
maybe I should have made one
little more
if I planted 10 trees each
variety for example apricots i'm going
to have six apricot weapons I'm not going
make tons of non- folded apricots with
so a moment if I want to put in
place of direct selling with
picking at the farm
Is it not therefore just missed
maybe I should redo a little bit
of money on the island after what is
important if I have any advice to give
it is necessary to train for weapons
in fact you have to learn how to carve
must be bad and it takes time
I realize myself a little on the sphere
especially however to be able to see a
little more time before its creation
things despite his well- departed value